---
title: "My resume"
date: 
draft: false
---

# Summary

Industrious Business Analyst with a successful history in developing software and improving business operational planning and implementation. A reliable quantitative analyst with accuracy and efficiency in the comprehension of company metrics. Microsoft Certified Data Analyst Associate with solid data and business analysis, and software testing experience. Easily adaptable to new environments and learn new techniques and tools, with strong documentation skills. Equally capable of collaborating effectively with cross-functional project teams or working independently to enhance performance and increase profitability.

**Technical skills:** Jira, Confluence, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office Suite, Power BI, SQL, XML, Google Analytics, .Net Technologies, Tableau, Microsoft Visio, Azure DevOps.

**Business skills:** Requirements Analysis, Change Management, Team Building & Leadership, Strategic Planning, Stakeholder Engagement, Risk Management, Process Improvement, IT Support Management    
  

# Professoinal Experience

### Ava Risk Group Limited • Melbourne • January 2018 - Present
**Analyst**  
Drive development and testing of signal processing algorithms using the Agile Scrum framework. Gather and analyse technical system requirements from key stakeholders to configure software and hardware components for client environments. Perform gap analysis and provide recommendations for the enhancement of the software delivery framework.  Extract, validate, and calibrate new data, and perform analysis using advanced Microsoft Excel to identify defects in output generated by proprietary products. 

**Key Accomplishments:**  
- Investigated, strategised, and streamlined testing process by designing, and implementing pre-production software and hardware test environments, reducing overall quality assurance delivery time by up to 20%.
- Wrote software code to automate system processes and solve bugs and issues using C#.Net, improving production efficiency, and eliminating manual processes.

### Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University • Melbourne • February 2018 - Present
**Technical Lead, Teaching Administrator**  
Manage 12 teaching associates and liaise between post-graduate students and industry partners for the development and implementation of the final semester capstone unit. Teach core concepts of requirements elicitation using the ‘Given/When/Then’ approach. Continuously plan and improve the technical aspects of the unit. Prepare and facilitate training sessions and workshops, guiding over 500 students through the project life-cycle process using Agile methodologies and frameworks. 

**Key Accomplishments:**  
- Oversaw all technical and business analysis aspects of student teams across 6 semesters.
- Assisted unit lecturers with designing and creating course structure whilst evaluating students’ academic performance, helping make it an award-winning unit for multiple semesters.

### Monash University • Melbourne • July 2016 - December 2017
**Systems Analyst**  
Compiled, validated, and analysed Big Data collected from all university data points using an operational intelligence tool (Splunk). Translated business requirements to functional and non-functional requirements for implementing cross-platform projects and produced business and end-user documentation. Designed and implemented automation for system configurations and complex processes using Business Intelligence (BI) tools. Conducted training sessions and workshops for internal stakeholders, promoting business intelligence tools to generate performance reports. 

**Key Accomplishments:**  
- Gathered, analysed, and documented business, functional, and user requirements for procurement proposals of two major automation tools currently used by over 400 internal and external users. 
- Trained over 10 project managers and team leaders to create reports and dashboards using multiple BI tools. 

### Yardi Software India Private Limited • Pune, India • January 2015 - November 2015
**Trainee Programmer**  
Enhanced overall performance of cloud infrastructure by developing and maintaining ERP applications and reports for the company’s clients, conducting system analysis on existing network infrastructure, and preparing scripts to automate certain network processes. Designed and managed SQL databases for development and production environments. Designed and developed web service controllers to process, extract, and deliver relevant information efficiently from multiple SQL database servers hosting ERP systems. Wrote business and technical documentation and operational procedures.

**Key Accomplishments:**  
- Performed remote and on-site troubleshooting, responding to network demands from over 1000 in-house clients, and improved overall cloud delivery performance efficiency by 15%.
- Developed software code to create an online portal using VB.Net technology while applying the Model-View-Control (MVC) framework.  
  

# Education

**Master of Business Information Systems**  
Monash University, Melbourne | 2017  

**Master of Science in Computer Applications**  
Symbiosis International University, India | 2015  

**Bachelor of Computer Applications**  
The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, Baroda, India | 2013  
  

# Certifications

**Microsoft Certified Data Analyst Associate • July 2020**  
Microsoft Power BI | Data Analysis | Reporting and Dashboards  

**Professional Scrum Master I • September 2018**  
Agile | Project Management  





